1 What are some effective learning methods Deliberate practice Practicing
in the learning zone Break it down Breaking tasks into
smaller units and practicing each one repeatedly Timely feedback Assessing
learning progress providing self-feedback doing exercises recording audio writi-
ng articles
for public feedback High focus during practice sessions 2 How
to execute these methods specifically Deliberately identify areas that require
practice Repeat repeat and repeat Comprehensive approach Read multiple books
on the same topic Read even if you don't fully
understand and then read multiple times Summarize organize and consolidate
knowledge on your own Teaching is the best way to
learn 3 What are some important considerations during the execution
process Don't expect to learn after just one read repetition
is key If you come across references that are too
advanced don't be afraid Read through them quickly then reread
repeatedly Self-learning is a skill that doesn't rely on talent
or intelligence but on investing time deliberate practice and deliberate
thinking Allocate sufficient time one year three years five years
ten years a lifetime Be self-driven all skills are essential
4 How to assess learning effectiveness Produce a decent piece
of work write a book create a tutorial teach others
Seek public feedback through publication